---
title: "Projects"
permalink: /projects/
author_profile: true
---
## [Personal Project 1](https://github.com/szeyan543/Threads_app)
Threads App | Next.js, MongoDB, TailwindCSS, Shadcn Components, Webhooks, React Hook Form

This is a clone Meta's Threads app. In the development of the Threads App, state-of-the-art technologies and best practices were employed to ensure top-tier performance and an engaging user experience. Utilizing Next.js 13.4, the application has been optimized with Server Side Rendering (SSR) to provide swift and dynamic page loads, giving users an almost instantaneous browsing experience. This speed and efficiency is complemented by an aesthetically appealing and intuitive interface, meticulously crafted using TailwindCSS and the innovative Shadcn components. To prioritize security and data integrity, a robust authentication framework has been embedded using Clerk. This not only secures user data but also guarantees its reliability through well-thought-out MongoDB schemas. Moreover, to ensure data consistency and form accuracy, Zod validation has been combined with React Hook Form. Finally, looking ahead to the deployment phase, a sophisticated system architecture has been laid down. This groundwork is targeted towards achieving real-time data synchronization, a feat made possible through the integration of webhooks, ensuring that the Threads App remains always up-to-date and synchronized across platforms.

## [Personal Project 2](https://github.com/szeyan543/authenticationproject)
Full Stack MERN Authentication | Reactjs, JWT, Redux Toolkit, Cookie

In the development process, I meticulously engineered a full-fledged MERN stack application, placing paramount importance on impenetrable user authentication methods. React was employed as the cornerstone of the application's front-end, offering users an intuitive and engaging UI/UX experience. To further enhance the user journey, React Router was incorporated, facilitating efficient client-side navigation and ensuring that users can swiftly move through various sections of the application without hindrance. The front-end prowess is bolstered by a robust backend architecture, masterfully crafted using Node.js, Express, and MongoDB. This combination ensures seamless data processing, storage, and implementation of server-side logic, thereby creating a harmonized and efficient system. Recognizing the pivotal importance of user data security and application integrity, I integrated the JWT (JSON Web Token) authentication protocol. This state-of-the-art security measure guarantees that premium endpoints of the application are fortified, granting access exclusively to users who have been meticulously validated, ensuring both user trust and application resilience.

## [Personal Project 3](https://github.com/szeyan543/ecommerceproject)
Full Stack E-Commerce + Dashboard & CMS | Next.js 13 App Router, React, Tailwind, Prisma, MySQL

I spearheaded the development of an expansive E-Commerce platform, meticulously designed to accommodate multiple vendors under a singular digital canopy. This platform stands out for its versatility, offering stakeholders the unique capability to oversee and manage an array of distinct storefronts via a centralized Content Management System (CMS). This CMS has been skillfully configured to dynamically generate dedicated API routes for each individual store, ensuring both autonomy and uniformity. To further empower vendors and administrators, I integrated a suite of sophisticated functionalities into the platform. These include comprehensive product and category management tools, capabilities for multi-image uploads, and the creation of intuitive filters for seamless product discovery. Moreover, the platform boasts a powerful search engine and an insightful revenue analytics visualization tool that offers stakeholders a holistic view of their store's performance. Prioritizing user security and ease of transaction, Clerk authentication was embedded to ensure uncompromised user data protection. Furthermore, to bolster the platform's commercial viability, I integrated Stripe — a leading financial gateway. This not only ensures secure order processing but also facilitates real-time payment webhook integrations, consolidating the platform's position as a comprehensive and trustworthy E-Commerce solution.
